MP4 and M4B to MP3 Converter
This script allows you to convert video files in MP4 format and audio files in M4B format into MP3 audio files. Additionally, it generates .nfo files containing metadata for each input file.

The script processes all MP4 and M4B files in its current directory. For each file, it creates a corresponding MP3 file and .nfo file in a directory named "finished".

Installation
This script requires Python 3 and several Python libraries: moviepy, tqdm, enzyme, and mutagen. If you haven't installed them yet, you can do so with the following commands:

Copy code
pip install moviepy
pip install tqdm
pip install enzyme
pip install mutagen

Usage
Place all your .mp4 and .m4b files in the same directory as the script.
Run the script. This can be done by navigating to the script's directory in your terminal and typing python your_script_name.py, replacing your_script_name.py with the actual name of the script file.
The script will process all the .mp4 and .m4b files in the directory, converting them to .mp3 format and creating .nfo files with their metadata. These files will be placed in a directory named "finished". If this directory does not exist, the script will create it.
A progress bar will display the script's progress through the files. When the script has finished running, a message will be printed to the console.
Please note that the actual processing time will depend on the number and size of the files, as well as the capabilities of your hardware.

Metadata
The .nfo files generated by the script contain metadata extracted from the original MP4 or M4B file. For MP4 files, this metadata is obtained using the enzyme library. For M4B files, the metadata is extracted using the mutagen library. In addition, the .nfo files include a track number, which is based on the order in which the files were processed.

I hope this README is helpful! Let me know if you have any questions or need further information.
